Update coworking-collabcafe.md to fix issue #2268 (#2270)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.md

# Online Collaboration Cafe

_The Turing Way_ Collaboration Cafes (or 'Cafés' with an accent) are virtual co-working spaces that are held fortnightly on the first and third Wednesdays of each month for 2 hours.

> The schedule will be updated periodically on the [GitHub page](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/project_management/archive/online-collaboration-cafe.md) as per the community requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schedule will be updated periodically on our [Community Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=dGhldHVyaW5nd2F5QGdtYWlsLmNvbQ) as per the community requirement.
```
